From Evolution Unleashed today I'm going
to show you how to get B writing from AI
models like CH GPT flawd Gemini and so
on because we're probably all fed up
with that generic boring content that we
see people lazily generating with AI and
it's so clearly AI none of us are
reading it but many of you are throwing
the baby out with the bath water and
rejecting AI content
because of people using it badly it's
kind of like rejecting smartphones
because some people take bad selfies the
fact is AI models can write beautifully
and create content that you can use and
people won't even know it's AI generated
now we're not quite at that point where
it writes perfectly every time but what
I'm going to show you today will greatly
accelerate your content creation because
I don't know about you but writing
really high quality posts can take a
long time but not with what I'm going to
show you so let's go prompting and
unlock a new way to use these models to
create genuine authentic copy that
you'll be proud to publish on social
media so I'm starting with a document
I've created called my writing style
basically it's 10 examples of my best
writing example one for example and
these are a post that I've made on
Facebook that have resonated and had my
highest engagement so I'm using my best
copy here and then I've just taken that
and I have saved it as a PDF called my
writing style PDF and then here is what
I do next now you're not restricted to
only using your writing perhaps
copywriting isn't your strength but
maybe you've been getting emailed
consistently from someone that writes
beautifully or there's some content
online that somebody
has written that you really are inspired
by or perhaps you have a swipe file
folder full of different people's copy
well you can use those as your writing
style example so to use this I begin by
just dumping my thoughts out so I want
to write a post about the upcoming
Tipping Point in AI the point where
output from AI models exceeds that of
human
experts the point of the post is to
alert people to what is happening with
urgency is once we reach that Tipping
Point things are going to change uh
provide a highly relatable analogy and I
just go down write my notes now this is
not good enough go put into social
media but it's my thoughts I just tell
it the structure I want the flow of
ideas the point I'm trying to make the
analogies I want to use and then I
upload them to each of the models so
here's
Claude I've uploaded my right WR in
style in the form of a PDF I've asked it
to assume the role of an expert in
writing specializing in high impact
viral Facebook post because that's where
we're writing attached as a document
with 10 examples of my writing style
your objective is to create a post
perfectly aligned to this writing style
including presentation here are my draft
thoughts please convert these into a
Facebook post that resonates powerfully
and I guess T up my target market small
business owners entrepreneurs and those
with an interest in AI
and then I just paste in my
notes and boom the AI will write in my
style a beautiful post but this is great
there's a massive Tipping Point coming
in Ai and it's coming fast I'm talking
about the point where AI outputs exceed
that of human experts that in in for a
moment this isn't some far off science
fiction dystopia it's real and it's
happening now this is beautiful output
and you wouldn't really pick this as a I
most people probably won't realize that
I'm using AI this way in my own content
but look at that a very cool post here
and when it happens it's going to be
like a game of musical chairs and when
the Music Stops you better hope you got
a seat because the seats are going to be
gone snapped up by those who were
prepared you can't afford to sleep on
this you can't think oh I'll worry about
AI later because later will be too late
see how easy it is for me to read this
that's because it's written in my tone
and style and voice it's very natural
it's not like reading in school um going
to you know this is in my tone and voice
and Claude has given me some copy there
that flows off the tongue writes just
like me let's go take a look at chat gbt
and Gemini and we'll see who did the
best so here it is in chat
GPT AI Tipping Point alert we're on the
brink of a Monumental shift in the world
of AI one that will redefine everything
we know about business and expertise
very different from clawed but still
it's not
terrible I prefer Claude but this is not
terrible because if you're not
positioning yourself now you risk being
left in the dust and so on so look cat
GPT is not known for being the best
natural writer therefore four Omni model
the new model is certainly a lot better
but it still has some GPT isms and I
think Claude 3 made a significantly
better post but there's another tool I
want to show you it's a free one at the
moment and it's the pro 1.5 Gemini model
and it is very powerful I'm using AI
Studio which gives you free previews of
the Gemini models you can use 1.5 flash
or the new 1.5 Pro I like the pro I've
got the temperature quite High which is
creative and and you can also turn off
all the safety settings so it doesn't
refuse to generate your content which I
think is pretty cool okay so here's what
Gemini has to say the AI Tipping Point
are you ready to scramble ever play
musical cheairs you know that moment
when the Music Stops and everyone
frantically scrambles for a seat that's
what's about to happen with AI brilliant
copy starts with a Hulk about musical
chairs which is something you don't see
every day we call it a patent interrupt
it's done that intuitively right now
we're in the music playing stage AI is
evolving at a crazy Pace getting smarter
and more capable every single day but
here's the kicker we're about to hit the
music off moment the AI Tipping Point
and now it brings in this subject this
is when AI output surpasses human
experts in almost every field think
about it AI that writes better marketing
copy than Don Draper himself now that is
a great post so we've got three
different outputs
from Claude cat GPT and Gemini I thought
Claude wrote very well so did Gemini cat
GPT gets third place but I like both of
the options Gemini wrote a bit shorter I
thought it was a better structure it
really LED with the example and hooked
people in and I saw a lot better
copyrighting techniques within the
Gemini copy so if I was going to use one
of those I would use Gemini but the
point
is both Claude and Gemini created very
unique creative content that is
definitely not clearly written by Ai and
most people would consume that content
or read it and not even realize that AI
wrote it that's because it's copying me
it's imitating my writing styles that I
provided it and that's the key to
getting better output from Ai and
getting it to write like you or anyone
you can give it any writing examples and
get it to mimic but I hope that today I
have inspired you to look into AI models
for writing at a level you perhaps
haven't seen before because now ai can
mimic us and we are actually coming to
that Tipping Point where it'll mimic us
perfectly and you won't even be able to
tell who wrote anything now ai content
isn't black and white it's human or it's
AI there's a spectrum and I've talked
about this in other places but basically
from using AI just to do your grammar
check at one end then you can use it uh
like I just did by giving an example and
some writing styles and then there's the
other end where people with no expertise
they don't give it any examples and they
just say write me a post about an AI
Tipping Point and you're going to get
that generic horrible AI output but
don't throw the baby out with the bath
water these models can WR like you if
you just give it some examples and your
thoughts you'll start creating content
in record time collapsing the workflow
and getting you off the content creation
treadmill so you have more time to spend
on your business or other endeavors
that's it for today if you found this
valuable I'd really appreciate it if you
could hit the like button subscribe cost
you nothing but helps a ton and I
will'll see you in the next one with
more cool ways to use AI to move
ourselves our business and careers
forward
peace oh
[Music]
oh